Rev: 142730675
Time: 20160509.075550
Event: Answer added
User: Barry-Carter
Origtime: 1462780550967553
URL: /Can-you-help-me-write-an-article
Question: Can you help me write an article?

Text: Adam stared at the field of bodies strewn before him. They had come,
not from space, but from the North. Infiltrating American culture,
studying it, controlling it, and, in the end, destroying it. His
&quot;captors&quot; stood behind him, looking more confused and
distraught than they did angry. He was free to leave, of course... at
least, they hadn&#039;t told him otherwise, but where would he go? The
entire nation had been destroyed, at least according to the reports he
heard before the media outlets, too, were destroyed. He turned to his
pale-faced captors and spoke aloud only one word: &quot;Why?&quot;
They shuffled aimlessly for a moment, and then one step forward:
&quot;we&#039;re sorry, we misinterpreted your culture&quot;.
&quot;But...&quot;, Adam began. &quot;Did you know 85% of your
communications were pornographic in nature?&quot; &quot;That&#039;s no
reason...&quot;, Adam tried again. &quot;ONLY 85%. The other 15% were
wasted. You rejected sexuality for ... space adventure&quot;, he said,
pointing to a vaguely familiar man wearing a toupee, &quot;for
cacophonus audio&quot;, pointing to a woman mumbling something about
her dreams. &quot;And for remote events that don&#039;t concern
you&quot;, pointing to someone who Adam now vaguely recognized as a
former news anchor. &quot;We tried to help you&quot;, the alien
continued. &quot;Our space hero had sex every week, our news anchor
inundated you with stories about bikinis and beaches, our
&#039;singer&#039; spoke of being felt up in her dreams&quot;.
&quot;And yet those who revered our space hero dressed up in costumes
and never had sex. Those who listened to the news expressed concern
about sun exposure, and those who heard Salien spoke of the beauty of
her sound, not her body&quot;. Adam began to understand. These aliens
had tried to divest America of its filthy obsession with non-sexual
topics, and, failing to do so, had angrily destroyed it. And yet, they
seemed unhappy. Were they contrite over the destruction they had
caused or... &quot;But we were wrong&quot;, the alien concluded.
&quot;Clumsy as your attempts were, we now realize you were still
seeking sex, not space adventure, not news, and not music.&quot;
&quot;You honestly thought wearing Krak&#039;s uniform, or feigning
interest in Jeniks news, taking women to &#039;chick flicks&#039;
would help you achieve sexual intercourse.&quot; &quot;Your methods
were foolish, but your lust was pure. We can never undo what we have
done here, but we will try our best to help.&quot; &quot;How&quot;,
yelled Adam, now angry that the destruction was unnecessary. &quot;HOW
CAN YOU FIX THIS? I&#039;M THE LAST MAN LEFT ALIVE IN THE UNITED
STATES!&quot;, Adam yelled, not caring what they did to him. The alien
pointed to a large group of attractive nude women approaching Adam.
&quot;No, precious human, you are not the last,&quot; he said in a
soft, compassionate tone. &quot;You are the first.&quot;


