Return-Path: <alisalahabua@gmail.com>
Delivered-To: leonard.zeptowitz+130224000659@gmail.com
From: ali salah <alisalahabua@gmail.com>
To: Leonard Zeptowitz <leonard.zeptowitz+130224000659@gmail.com>
Subject: Re: About the email you sent me?
Date: Sun, 24 Feb 2013 02:18:45 -0800

[This message has been modified: see
https://github.com/barrycarter/bcapps/blob/master/419/bc-has-replied.pl
for details]

Dear Friend ,

    Thank you for your response to my appeal for your noble
assistance. Also I appreciate your maturity in keeping this
transaction as top secret and confidential.

            Nonetheless, I wish to assure you that this transaction is
highly rewarding and risk-free. You don't have anything to worry about
in this transaction because I have been working with this bank for
many years and I know all its internal secrets very well. I also have
the full conviction that you will neither betray nor disappoint me
once this money is transferred into your bank account.

            The name of the deceased customer is Dr. George Brumley;
he is an American, a physician and industrialist. He met his sudden
death in plane crash that took place in Kenya in 2003. On hearing of
his death, the bank board of directors set up a three man fact finding
committee to investigate and find out the cause of his death and
related information's about his family. please click this linck to see
            http://www.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/ africa/07/20/kenya.crash/ index.html

            I was made  a member of the committee and at the end of
our assignment we collected  information's which included that he died
along with his wife and three children, he left the sum of twenty five
million five hundred thousand United States dollars ($25,500 000), in
his account in the (ECO BANK) and did not name his  beneficiary, since
then the bank had been waiting to see whether any of his relatives
could come forward and put claims over his balance in the bank but non
showed up.

            This is exactly ten years he died, the edict establishing
this bank states that any such fund (abandoned) that is not claimed
within  eleven  years will be confiscated or seized and put into the
bank's treasury as government fund, unfortunately, the bank directors
want to do another thing now by planning to share this fund among
themselves as nobody is coming up for the claims.

            My good friend, I see this development as a very good
opportunity for me to contact you to help me put claim to this fund as
his next of kin and accommodate this in your bank account abroad. I
know you may  doubt the possibility of this, but I am telling you that
it is a reality and easy  bearing in mind that I was the person who
submitted the information of this late bank customer to the bank board
of directors. I am in a position to give you all information about
this man as the bank may require from you after applying as the next
of kin to claim his balance.

            On your own part, I want you to keep this as a top secret
strictly between you and me only because I am still working in this
bank here, if they discover that I was the person who gave you
information about this deceased customer, I will loose my job, you are
only required to act on my behalf by following my directives as  I
will be giving you information daily concerning bank decisions towards
this transaction.

            After receiving your reply, I will send you a text of
application which you will re-write and send to our bank here for
approval. Including with your phone contact send your country name and
code number.

             please fill this information for me to know you more
            (1)Your privet phone number
            (1) Your age
            (2)Your occupation
            (3)Your marital status
            (4)Your sex
            (5)Your full residential address
            (6)Your private phone and fax number and your complete name.
            (7)A copy of Your photo scanned and sent to me by mail.

            I will forward to you the application form which you will
send to the bank I hope to hear from you soonest.
            Thanks and best regards.
            Mr. Ali Salah
Direct Phone number +2347033416041

On 2/23/13, Leonard Zeptowitz <leonard.zeptowitz+130224000659@gmail.com> wrote:
> Could you please give me details about the email you sent me? Thank you!
>
>


