Return-Path: <danrawaa7@gmail.com>
Delivered-To: leonard.zeptowitz+130316153404@gmail.com
From: Danbaba Rawaa <danrawaa7@gmail.com>
To: Leonard Zeptowitz <leonard.zeptowitz+130316153404@gmail.com>
Subject: T E X T O F A P P L I C A T I O N.
Date: Sat, 16 Mar 2013 17:45:59 +0100

[This message has been modified: see
https://github.com/barrycarter/bcapps/blob/master/419/bc-has-replied.pl
for details]

Dear Leonard Zeptowitz,

How were you and hope you are enjoying the very best of health in your
country , Thank you for your prompt reply to my previous mail for
soliciting your assistance and  collaboration in actualizing this
project .

I have contacted you in my search for a very reliable investor partner
abroad who will be interested in a working partnership since this
project requested the assistance and participation of a foreigner to
stand in as the next of kin . I  also stand to assure you that there
is no risks in this transaction for it is legal, risk free and will be
one hundred percent (100%) successful because all logistics are in
place and all modalities worked out for a smooth actualization of the
transaction of this fund to you.

I have contacted you upon this discovery to enable both of us to put
heads together to claim the fund  . You should not lose the sight of
the fact that I am here as an insider in this transaction to perfect
this project to success.

The best way to transfer this fund to you is through the issuance of
the total fund in an Automated teller Machines bank account ,the
system will  enable you pull the fund little by little upon
confirmation in your country.  it is best option to transfer fund
nowadays since it is no longer easy to transfer huge amount of fund
from one country to another due to the international money tracking
system  and cumbersome clearance issues  .

The total fund will be upgraded in your name into an Automated teller
Machines bank account after the management approval of your claim and
upon the up gradation of the fund in your name as the recipient, it
will be sent  to  your nominated address in your country  and upon
receiving it, you will start withdrawing the money little by little
until the total fund is exhausted in the automated bank account .

As i have told you before that i we give you all information's how the
fund we get to you if you can just give me your full support.

Fill bank application with your personal information then after you
have  filled the application form, return it to me for verification
before sending to the bank and i we give to you the bank email, and i
will make sure you receive the fund through the Automated Transferred
Money (ATM) Visa Card without any problem.

Listen there is no problem about how the fund we get to you, I will
guide you as a banker on how everything should be done successfully
and perfectly.

Best Regard,
Danbaba Rawaa

***********************************************************************************************************
                      APPLYING AS THE NEXT OF KIN TO THIS FUND.

               T E X T   O F  A P P L I C A T I O N

.................................................................................................................
.................................................................................................................

SUBJECT:    APPLYING AS THE NEXT OF KIN TO THIS FUND.

.................................................................................................................

I' Mr .............................. ........., HEREBY APPLY TO YOUR
BANK AS NEXT OF KIN TO SUM (=80 4.8 Million) THAT AS BEEN IN THIS BANK
FOR 10 YEARS.

SIR, I WISH TO BE INTIMATED ON THE PROCEDURES INVOLVED IN HAVING THIS
FUND THROUGH THE AUTOMATED TRANSFERRED MONEY (ATM) VISA CARD ACCOUNT
TRANSFERED INTO MY HOME ADDRESS AS GIVEN BELOW:

YOUR NAME IN FULL:
DATE OF BIRTH:
NATIONALITY:
POSTAL ADDRESS:
TELEPHONE N=B0:
FAX if any:
OCCUPATION:
SCANNED COPY OF YOUR IDENTITY:

I ALSO APOLOGIE FOR NOT BEING ABLE TO APPLY FOR A LONG TIME IS JUST
BECUASE I WAS VERY BUSY AND NOW AM OKAY TO GET THE FUND.

I WISH AN URGENT ATTENTION WILL BE GIVEN TO MY HUMBLE APPLICATION AS
THE URGENCY IMPLIES ON THIS MATTER.

THANKS IN ANTICIPATION OF YOUR CO-OPERATION.

YOURS SINCERELY
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

On 3/16/13, Leonard Zeptowitz <leonard.zeptowitz+130316153404@gmail.com> wrote:
> Could you please give me details about the email you sent me? Thank you!
>
>


