%% TODO: disclaim everything

This documents my attempt to setup "brighton", a new CentOS 7.2
machine, first as a VM, and later as a physical machine. My current
machine is running Fedora Core 11, and I will its existing files as a
"fallback" for certain things (eg, binaries and libraries absolutely
not available via CentOs 7.2 or that I am too lazy to install from
tertiary sources) [default install + CentOS 7 included/approved
repositories = primary source, unapproved repositories = secondary
source]

How to read this document:

  - A left flush "%% TODO:" indicates a step I need to do and that is
  not complete yet.

  - A left flush "% IMP:" indicates an important note about the steps
  that follow. You should not follow the steps that come afterwards
  unless you are sure you know what you're doing.

  - A left flush "% NOTE:" indicates a note that is optional reading
  and may explain why a certain step must be performed in a specific
  way and why other reasonable-seeming ways to perform that step may
  not be correct, or a comment on why this step is performed.

  - Any other left flush "% " indicates a step to follow.

% IMP: the following apply to physical hardware on which the host
machine will reside.

% Install CentOS-7-x86_64-Minimal-1511.iso (sha256 sum:
f90e4d28fa377669b2db16cbcb451fcb9a89d2460e3645993e30e137ac37d284) on a
USB stick or other install medium.

% Choose the default settings, but do turn on networking; create a
root user with a trivial password and an administrative "user" user
with no password. There is no need to encrypt the data or choose a
specific partioning scheme, since we will only be using this install
to startup a virtual machine.

% After rebooting, "ssh root@brighton"

% NOTE: you won't be able to ssh in as the passwordless "user" user,
and we'll need to be root for the next steps anyway.

% Use virtualbox's repo

curl -o /etc/yum.repos.d/virtualbox.repo http://download.virtualbox.org/virtualbox/rpm/rhel/virtualbox.repo

% Install virtualbox, accepting GPG keys as necessary (can also use "-y"?)

yum -y install VirtualBox-5.1;: may need to verify some keys manually

% You CAN run VirtualBox from the command line, but it's sort of a
pain, so let's create a quick and easy X11 environment:

: GNOME the "yum groupinstall hidden" "X Window System" may work here too
yum -y groupinstall "KDE Plasma Workspaces";: this is overkill but it works



%% TODO: disclaim that CentOs7 actually has virtualization built in
(eg, "yum groupinstall 'Virtualization Host'"), but that we're using
virt as an intermediate step, so I am OK with "cheating"

: note "yum grouplist hidden" will show "X Window System" but wont w/o hidden

: note you probably could just install 


%% TODO: note use of ;: as comments

% IMP: this is incomplete

%% TODO: more
  

Steps start with left flush "%", but left flus"% NOTE:" indicates a note, not a step 

%% TODO: tell how I got to VirtualBox state

%% TODO: runme.sh for setup

%% TODO: Guest Box additions required to access main disk

%% TODO: can I encrypt /dev directly from vbox?

%% TODO: add repos

%% TODO: which programs can i NOT install from repos

%% TODO: hooking in old bin and lib and root from fc11root (and
.tcshrc files required) (PATH and LD_LIBRARY_PATH) but as last entries

%% TODO: fossies mention for source code where needed

%% TODO: programs I want that dont appear to have packages:

