I wrote
https://github.com/barrycarter/bcapps/tree/a944a8d8315fd6169907f73e47698f030befe3bb/ASTRO/bc-zodiac.c
to solve this. I may've tweaked bc-zodiac.c since then, so you'll need
the exact link above (not the most recent version of bc-zodiac.c) to
confirm/replicate my results. In the directory
https://github.com/barrycarter/bcapps/blob/master/ASTRO/

  - The file "houses.txt.bz2" contains a list of all house changes for
  now +- ~15000 years in a mostly-English-readable format.

  - The file "house-states.txt.bz2" is a list of all "horoscopes"
  (house states for all planets) in machine readable format for the
  same period. Please see
  https://github.com/barrycarter/bcapps/blob/master/ASTRO/bc-zodiac.txt
  (which also contains the text of this answer) for details on how to
  read this file.

Important caveats below, but first, some notes:

  - You'll notice that lines like:

`BCE 13200-JUL-12 09:48 SUN ENTERS ARIES PROGRADE -479626193452 S0+`

suggest the vernal equinox was on July 12th about 15000 years ago (of
course, no one actually used our calendar back then), which seems a
bit off. Further, you'll notice:

`CE 17191-FEB-23 00:27 SUN ENTERS ARIES PROGRADE 479386211293 S0+`

suggesting the vernal equinox will occur on February 23rd (about a
month early) 15000 years from now (assuming they continue using our
calendar).

See http://astronomy.stackexchange.com/a/13009/21 for why this happens
(my answer there has slightly different times, because I used a less
accurate model).


  - In the 11,100,017 days (about 30,391 years) covered, there are
  6,359,874 horoscope changes, for an average horoscope change roughly
  every 1.75 days. Broken down by planet:

    - The moon changes house 4,875,276 times, about once every 2.3 days.

    - Mercury changes house 450,523 times (including retrograde house
    changes), about once every 25 days.

    - Venus changes house 384,971 times (including retrograde), about
    once every 29 days.

    - The Sun comes in third with 364,691 changes, about once every 30
    days. A more exact number is once every 30.4367697585 days. When
    you multiply this by 12, you get 365.2412371020 days, which, as
    expected, is a good estimate of the length of the tropical year
    (the exact value given by
    http://hpiers.obspm.fr/eop-pc/models/constants.html is
    365.242190402, which is 82 seconds different).

    - Mars changes house (including retrograde) 209,501 times, about
    once every 53 days.

    - Jupiter (w/ retrograde) 49,215 times, once every ~225.5 days.

    - Saturn (w/ retrograde) 25,697 times, ~432 days.

  - As expected, most of these house changes (6,283,141) are in the
  forward or "prograde" direction and very few (76,733) are in the
  retrograde direction. Of course, the Sun and Moon always move
  prograde, another reason the prograde number is so large.

  - Since there are 12 houses and 7 planets, it would seem there are
  12^7 = 35,831,808 possible horoscopes. However, there are actually
  only 3,732,480:

    - Since Mercury's greatest elongation is 28 degrees, it must
    remain within one house of the Sun. Given the Sun's house, there
    are only 3 possibilities for Mercury's house (either the Sun's
    house or one of the two adjacent houses).

    - Since Venus' greatest elongation is 47 degrees, it must remain
    within two houses of the Sun, so there are only 5 possibilities
    given the Sun's house.

    - Combining these, we see there are 12*12*3*5*12*12*12 or
    3,732,480 possible horoscopes.

  - Of these possibilities there are 2,565,570 (about 69% of the total
  possible) actual horoscopes. Of these,

    - 969,067 horoscopes occur only once

    - The horoscope "4045424" (translated below) occurs 18 times (most
    recently in 1799 and next in 5391), but two others occur 17 times,
    10 appear 16 times, and many appear 15 times, so it's only the
    most frequent by coincidence (probably just because of where DE431
    happens to start and end).

    - "4045424" translated is Sun in Leo, Moon in Aries, Mercury in
    Leo, Venus in Virgo, Mars in Leo, Jupiter in Gemini, Saturn in
    Leo.

Note that this horoscope is probably only the most frequent because of
how I chose the start and end dates (based on the DE431 ephemeris).

**** CUT POINT

Important caveats:

  - My standard disclaimer: please do not rely on anything I do/post
  anywhere. I can and do make mistakes. Feel free to check my work and
  alert me to mistakes.

  - If you actually want to check my results, you will need to
  download kernels from NASA. See
  http://naif.jpl.nasa.gov/naif/tutorials.html for more details on how
  this all works.

  - Note that NASA can't predict planet positions (or even the Earth's
  own orientation) into the far future: they solve differential
  equations to predict planetary positions and then publish an
  approximation of those solutions. The further away we get from
  today, the less accurate these predictions are.

  - We have a pretty good approximation of how the Earth precesses,
  but we can't even predict THAT super accurately more than a few
  months in advance. Note that
  https://naif.jpl.nasa.gov/pub/naif/generic_kernels/pck/ shows the
  high precision precession kernel is only good through 6 Mar 2017,
  and even THAT is updated twice a week (see
  https://naif.jpl.nasa.gov/pub/naif/generic_kernels/pck/aareadme.txt
  for details). Since precession affects the location of the first
  point of Aries, this adds another uncertainty.

  - Precession doesn't change the ecliptic itself, but nutation
  does. We don't have a super-accurate model of nutation, and I am
  using the undocumented SPICE functions zzmobliq_ and zzwahr_ as per
  a private reply to my
  https://naif.jpl.nasa.gov/pipermail/spice_discussion/2016-January/000423.html

  - The calendar on
  https://cafeastrology.com/astrologyof2017horoscopes.html (and the
  2016 equivalent) should agree with my results within +- 1
  minutes. Remember to convert between ET on their site and UTC in my
  file.

  - http://aa.usno.navy.mil/data/docs/EarthSeasons.php can also be
  used to check some of my calculations (within +- 1 minute),
  recalling that, in the northern hemisphere:

    - "SUN ENTERS ARIES" (as in "first point of Aries") marks the
    vernal equinox.

    - "SUN ENTERS CANCER" (as in "Tropic of Cancer") marks the summer
    solstice.

    - "SUN ENTERS LIBRA" marks the autumnal equinox. As nearly as I
    can tell, there is no well-known associated phrase with this point
    in the zodiac.

    - "SUN ENTERS CAPRICORN" (as in "Tropic of Capricorn") marks the
    winter solstice.

  - If you use HORIZONS (http://ssd.jpl.nasa.gov/?horizons) to check
  my work, you'll notice my results are accurate to the minute for
  about +- 1000 years from now, but drift in accuracy after that. I'm
  not exactly sure why this is.

  - I used a "stepsize" of 86400 seconds (1 day), so if a planet
  changed house and then changed back in under a day, my program may
  miss it. Someone w/ more computing power may wish to re-run my
  program with a smaller stepsize.

  - The moon's position varies with your location on Earth. I used a
  geocentric model, giving the moon's position for a theoretical
  observer located at the center of the Earth.

  - I actually computed planetary barycenters (the center of mass of
  the planet and its satellites) because NASA doesn't provide planet
  position information for the entire 30,000 year period I computed
  (see http://ssd.jpl.nasa.gov/eph_spans.cgi?id=A for details).

  For Mercury and Venus, this no effect (no moons), and the Mars'
  system barycenter is within a few inches of Mars' own center (Phobos
  and Deimos have very little mass). Jupiter is fairly massive, so its
  system's barycenter is fairly close to its own center, and even the
  effect Titan has on Saturn isn't that great.

  - The human-readable time in houses.txt.bz2 is the output of the C
  function
  http://naif.jpl.nasa.gov/pub/naif/toolkit_docs/C/cspice/timout_c.html
  (format ""ERAYYYY##-MON-DD HR:MN ::MCAL ::RND" modified slightly by
  Perl). They are reasonable for current dates, but not necessarily
  for past dates because the Gregorian Reformation of the calendar
  occurred at different times for different countries, and the BCE/CE
  time system didn't exist prior to 1 CE (and probably not even
  then). For precision work, see bc-zodiac.txt for details.

  - As above, I use "ARIES" to mean the "1st house", ie, the
  constellation that starts at the vernal equinox ("the first point of
  Aries", where the ascending ecliptic meets the celestial equator)
  and ends 30 ecliptic degrees of ecliptic longitude later.

    - This was reasonably accurate in 56 BCE (-55 in stellarium means 56 BCE):

[[239]]

    - But is certainly not true today:

[[237]]

as the vernal equinox is in Pisces and drifts towards Aquarius,
heralding the "Age of Aquarius".

    - In the 30,000+ year period covered by my program, the first
    point of Aries makes a complete circuit (and a bit more) of the
    Zodiac, even ending up in Ophiuchus for a while:

[[238]]

Of course, the constellation boundaries above are those defined by the
IAU. I don't know how (or if) the ancients drew their constellation
boundaries.

NOTE: I wanted to use H.A. Rey's constellation lines, but Stellarium's
constellation boundaries appear to break for Pisces when I do that.

  - I am leaving my old answer below, because NASA is a trusted site
  for astronomers, and WebGeoCalc and HORIZONS are important
  resources. The step-by-step method I show below can help people here
  make their own calculations or help others. I am in no way
  affiliated with NASA or the government of the United States, except
  as a citizen (and even that may change soon).


HOW TO READ houses.txt.bz2
==========================

This file contains a list of all house changes for the 7 major planets
(subject to caveats above) in both English and machine readable
format. The fields are:

  - Fields 1-3 are the prettified version of the time at which the
  house change occurs

  - Field 4 is the planet whose house is changing

  - Field 5 is always the word "ENTERS"

  - Field 6 is the planet's new house

  - Field 7 is whether the planet is entering the house prograde (the
  more frequent behavior) or retrograde.

  - Field 8 is the ephemeris time in seconds
  (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ephemeris_time) at which the planet
  entered the house. If you are doing precision work, you should use
  this field, not fields 1-3.

  - Field 8 is the short form of which planet has entered which
  house. The first character is the planet and the second character is
  the house. For the planets (first character):

    - "S" means Sun
    - "M" means Moon
    - "1" means Mercury
    - "2" means Venus
    - "4" means Mars
    - "5" means Jupiter
    - "6" means Saturn

For the house (second character):

    - "0" means Aries
    - "1" means Taurus
    - "2" means Gemini
    - "3" means Cancer
    - "4" means Leo
    - "5" means Virgo
    - "6" means Libra
    - "7" means Scorpio
    - "8" means Sagittarius 
    - "9" means Capricorn
    - "A" means Aquarius ("A" is the hex form of the number 10)
    - "B" means Pisces ("B" is the hex form of the number 11)

Notice that my numbering scheme starts at 0, so Aries is constellation
0, not constellation 1, and Pisces is constellation 11 ("B"), not
constellation 12.

HOW TO READ house-states.txt.bz2
================================

The two fields are the prettified version of the date.

The third field are the houses of the Sun, Moon, Mercury, Venus, Mars,
Jupiter, and Saturn in that order, using house numbers as per the 2nd
character of the 8th field of houses.txt.bz2.

By way of example, "3724416" means:

  - Since the first character is "3", that represents the Sun's
  house. Per the table above, house 3 is Cancer.

  - The second character, "7", is the Moon's house, which, per the
  lookup table, is Scorpio.

  - The third character "2" shows Mercury is in Gemini.

  - The fourth character "4" shows Venus is in Leo.

  - ... and so on.

The third field is the ephemeris time of the horoscope change.

OTHER NOTES
===========

%% TODO: add uranus/netpune/pluto/asteroids maybe

%% TODO: look at all TODO in ~/BCGIT/ASTRO before finalizing answer

%% TODO: revise answer to bc-equi-and-sol if appropriate

%% TODO: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gregorian_calendar#Accuracy
states only one day of drift per 7700 years very different from BOTH
my results..... [precession model error after 10K years?]

NOTE: 1h28m to do all for 7 planets in parallel (on brighton, 100 years per
file, 10 procs at a time)

TODO: better testing for newer version

